---
author: 
comments: true
date: 2014-02-05 9:02:00+00:00
layout: post
slug: gameweek-23-
title: Gameweek 23 - 
disqus: y
wordpress_id: 
tags:
- 
---

It may have passed on without much kerfuffle for most, but gameweek 23 might just have been the most significant of my stuttering campaign. Hark back with me to Saturday afternoon as I went about my usual routine with nonchalant abandon. The seminal facts were well within my reckoning - I needed to transfer out two injured players lest I wished to risk fielding nine. The transfers had already been foreplanned to a tee in the days preceding the actual deadline. Daniel Sturridge would seamlessly slot in for the hamstrung Aguero, Jay Rodriguez for the stricken Lukaku. All that was for me to effect the transfers. Fast forward to 2:30 pm and the dawning of the harsh realisation that it all had actually slipped my mind.  

I won't encumber you with the stark details of the immediate aftermath, you can pretty much fill them in for yourselves with your schadenfreude-tinged minds. I will admit though that it was pretty grim. As is natural, the gameweek was qui 

Skeddadle to Monday morning and once the mortal fear of logging in had blown over, I was more than pleasantly surprised to find a glut of green arrows in wait. What's the moral in all this, you ask? Well it's pretty simple. It would appear, at the most fundamental level, that I have been playing the game wrong.










Sod scheming convoluted transfer plans or poring religiously over fixture lists. This is enlightenment on a whole different level.  
